kbs: ITA: Allow policy IDs in config file (#561)
confidential-containers/trustee: kbs/docs/config.md

> >gRPC CoCo AS is available only when `coco-as-grpc` feature is enabled.

Reviewer: There's a minor glitch in the doc that could be addressed in a separate commit in this PR:
```suggestion
>Intel Trust Authority AS is available only when `intel-trust-authority-as` feature is enabled.
```

Author: Fixed.

| Property                 | Type         | Description                                                                              | Required | Default |
|--------------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|
| `timeout`                | Integer      | The maximum time (in minutes) between RCAR handshake's `auth` and `attest` requests      | No       | 5       |
| `base_url`               | String       | Intel Trust Authority API URL.                                                           | Yes      | -       |
| `api_key`                | String       | Intel Trust Authority API key.                                                           | Yes      | -       |
| `certs_file`             | String       | URL to an Intel Trust Authority portal or path to JWKS file used for token verification. | Yes      | -       |
| `allow_unmatched_policy` | Boolean      | Determines whether to ignore the `policy_ids_unmatched` token claim.                     | No       | false   |

> | `policy_ids`             | String array | List of one or more quoted and comma-separated policy IDs.                               | No       | `[]`    |

Reviewer 2: It looks like these are only used for ITA at least in the current implementation so maybe the scope of these configs should be ITA?

Reviewer: That is already covered: we have sections for AS specific config clags: "When `type` is set to `intel_ta`, KBS will try to connect a remote Intel TA service for attestation. The following properties can be set...."
